What happened?
He fled the manor.
Huh? Your manor is heavily guarded.
How could he possibly have gotten away?
Holland, take a team and
block off all roads around
the manor.
Take another team and
set up checkpoints at the station and docks,
thoroughly checking all passengers and guards.
Conduct a complete search of all hotels and inns
within the city.
OK.
Sir, we just found
bloodstains in the flower shop,
it seems to be…
Miss Ji's bloodstain.
Keep searching. Every corner of the manor
needs to be checked again.
Yes.
Let's check over here.
Nothing. Let's go.
Those few women
friends didn't see me.
If I were wearing this outfit
and walked out the gate,
I probably wouldn't be noticed either.